======https://www.bbc.com/news=====
Gazans say they fear more destruction and displacement, while Israeli hostages' families say their loved ones are "at the mercy of Hamas".
The Israeli PM's proposals have provoked condemnation from the UK and the UN
Footage of police interviewing convicted triple-murderer Erin Patterson has been released by the Victorian Supreme Court.
Claims that natural mineral water brands are filtering their water have shocked the country.
Latest updates from the BBC's specialists in fact-checking, verifying video and tackling disinformation.
The Israeli PM's proposals have provoked condemnation from the UK and the UN
One alleged attempt left Simon Patterson in a coma, with his family twice told to say their goodbyes.
An upscale Indian suburb is rounding up some of its most marginalised residents, saying they are illegal immigrants.
Veer Singh and Kali Devi were away buying groceries when flash floods hit their village on Tuesday.
Footage of police interviewing convicted triple-murderer Erin Patterson has been released by the Victorian Supreme Court.
The plan faces fierce opposition within Israel as well as international criticism.
The PM urges Israel to reconsider immediately its decision to "escalate" the offensive in Gaza.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office announced plans to take control of Gaza City on Thursday
The apparent US indifference to the prospect of a long - possibly indefinite - Israeli military occupation marks a telling change in tone.
The BBC's Damian Grammaticas explains the controversy surrounding China's mega-embassy plan.
BBC Sport looks at who can challenge Liverpool this season after a summer of big recruitment from several teams.
Even with Trump's direct involvement, Moscow's preconditions for a ceasefire in Ukraine make a swift ending to the bloodshed difficult to reach.
How much attention did you pay to what's been going on in the world over the past seven days?
Cameroon's Paul Biya would stay in power until he's 99 if he wins October's election.
BBC Sport looks at who can challenge Liverpool this season after a summer of big recruitment from several teams.
Cameroon's Paul Biya would stay in power until he's 99 if he wins October's election.
President John Mahama promises a full investigation into what he called a "personal loss".
GPT-5's release comes as tech firms continue to compete in an effort to claim the world's most advanced AI.
The BBC's Damian Grammaticas explains the controversy surrounding China's mega-embassy plan.
Trials of a daily obesity pill showed patients lost about 12% of their body weight over 72 weeks.
Gareth Ward was convicted of rape last month but refused to resign from his electorate.
GPT-5's release comes as tech firms continue to compete in an effort to claim the world's most advanced AI.
Dean Cain says he'll be "sworn in as an ICE agent asap" following a recruitment drive by the agency.
The huge wildfire will burn for several more days but is now contained.
The BBC's Damian Grammaticas explains the controversy surrounding China's mega-embassy plan.
Follow updates from Crystal Palace manager Oliver Glasner who is speaking before Sunday's Community Shield against Liverpool.
Aston Villa complete the signing of Nice striker Evann Guessand for £26m plus £4.3m in add-ons.
Get involved with our My Club My Passion campaign to tell the stories of why you love your football team
Manchester United look set to complete a third major forward signing in a bid to solve their goalscoring problems - now attention is turning to the midfield.
An estimated 12,000 football supporters have been scammed by online ticket fraud in the past two years.
Aston Villa complete the signing of Nice striker Evann Guessand for £26m plus £4.3m in add-ons.
BBC Sport looks at who can challenge Liverpool this season after a summer of big recruitment from several teams.
Victoria Mboko wins her first WTA title by coming from behind to beat Naomi Osaka in the Canadian Open final.
Get involved with our My Club My Passion campaign to tell the stories of why you love your football team
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.TheBBCisnot responsible for the content of external sites.Read about our approach to external linking.


======https://www.theguardian.com/international=====
Share stories with the Guardian securely and confidentially

======https://www.npr.org/sections/news/=====
A view of Al-Shifa hospital in Gaza City on September 17, 2024, destroyed by Israeli attacks amid the ongoing war between Israel and Hamas. Israel asserted that Hamas militants were using the hospital for shelter and internet access. The U.N. called the destruction of the facility "the most horrific assault on Gaza's hospitals."Omar Al-Qattaa/AFP via Getty Imageshide caption
August 8, 2025 •This week a new word made its public debut. With an increase in attacks on health care facilities and personnel, the goal of this coinage is to spark outrage and outcry. But the reaction is mixed.
Palestinians carry gallons and buckets as they walk along a war-damaged street in Gaza City on Aug. 8, 2025.Bashar Taleb/AFP/via Getty Imageshide caption
August 8, 2025 •Israel has announced plans to extend the Gaza war and take over Gaza City. And, President Trump wants a new U.S. census to exclude people without legal status.
In the 1960s, hearthrobs named Bobby wereeverywhere.Clockwise from top left: Bobby Darin, Bobby Vee, Bobby Rydell, Bobby Goldsboro, Bobby Womack, and Bobby Sherman.Keystone/Getty Images; Central Press/Hulton Archive/Getty Images; Keystone/Hulton Archive/Getty Images; Hulton Archive/Getty Images; Michael Ochs Archives/Getty Images; Alan Kent/Getty Imageshide caption
August 8, 2025 •Bobbys were inescapable in music in the '50s and '60s: Bobby Sherman, Bobby Rydell, Bobby Darin and more. NPR critic Bob Mondello looks back to an era when everyone seemed to share his name.
From left: Jeanine Pirro, NFL player Matt Prater sniffing … something, and a famous ambulatory robot.Steven Ferdman/Getty Images; Mike Mulholland/Getty Images; Koichi Kamoshida/Getty Imageshide caption
August 8, 2025 •Plus: physical fitness, Confederate statues, robot overlords and weird zoo requests.
A McGruff the Crime Dog public service ad warning young people of fake prescription drugs that may contain fentanyl.National Crime Prevention Council/YouTube/Screenshot by NPRhide caption
August 8, 2025 •The National Crime Prevention Council is questioning federal cuts to McGruff the Crime Dog's campaign to sniff out fake pills. The group says McGruff's work that started in 1980 isn't over.
People take pictures with the Welcome To Fabulous Las Vegas sign under hazy orange skies as the sun sets on July 29, 2023.Patrick T. Fallon/AFP via Getty Imageshide caption
August 8, 2025 •Economists say, what happens in Vegas matters nationally because it often reflects broader trends on consumer confidence and the overall health of the U.S. economy.
August 8, 2025 •The new school year can be exciting, but also stressful. Kids may be feeling anxious. Parents may be juggling new responsibilities. Experts share tips on how to manage this season of change.
Allison Burroughs appears at her 2014 Senate confirmation hearing to be a U.S. district judge.U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee/Screenshot by NPRhide caption
August 8, 2025 •U.S. District Judge Allison Burroughs is presiding over two Harvard cases challenging Trump's moves to cut federal funding from the university and to ban it from enrolling international students.
A full supermoon rises behind a mountain in the village of Dodekametro, in the region of Arcadia in Greece, on July 10.Angelos Tzortzinis/AFP via Getty Imageshide caption
August 8, 2025 •NASA is accelerating plans to have a nuclear reactor on the moon by 2030.
Unlike other tech giants — including YouTube, Meta and TikTok — Spotify is not currently taking steps to label AI-generated content.Jakub Porzycki/NurPhoto via Getty Imageshide caption
August 8, 2025 •Unlike other tech giants, many music-streaming services like Spotify are not currently taking steps to label AI-generated content. But experts say more transparency is key.
Is it you, or is it the phones?Nanzeeba Ibnat/Getty Imageshide caption
August 8, 2025 •Finding it hard to concentrate? Are you glued to social media for longer than you’d like? Well, maybe it’s not you… maybe it’s the phones.

Brittany is joined by Magdalene Taylor, writer, cultural critic and senior editor atPlayboy, and Fio Geiran, producer atTED Radio Hourand a writer of theirBody Electricnewsletter, to discuss this phrase: “it’s the phones.” They get into the effects that smartphones have on our brains and our culture, why some people are returning to “dumbphones,” and why it might take more than willpower to manage our relationships with our phones.
A donated SuperAger brain at Northwestern University in Chicago, IL.Shane Collins, Northwestern Universityhide caption
August 8, 2025 •The human brain tends to slow down as we age — even healthy brains shrink. That can make learning and memory harder as people age. But some people’s brains shrink more slowly than their peers. This lucky group is called “SuperAgers.” They’re people aged 80 or older. But they have the memory abilities of someone 50-to-60 years old. This week in the journal Alzheimer's & Dementia, researchers from Northwestern University’s SuperAging Program summarized some of the secrets they’ve learned in the last 2.5 decades.
Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth attends an event to mark National Purple Heart Day in the East Room of the White House on Aug. 7, 2025, in Washington.Mark Schiefelbein/APhide caption
August 8, 2025 •The U.S. Air Force said Thursday it would deny all transgender service members who have served between 15 and 18 years the option to retire early and would instead separate them without retirement benefits.
Israeli soldiers organize military equipment while standing on armored personnel carriers near the border with the Gaza Strip on Wednesday in southern Israel.Amir Levy/Getty Imageshide caption
August 8, 2025 •Israel's Security Cabinet approved a plan to take over Gaza City despite demands by families of hostages and mounting international calls for Israel to end the war.
A New York City police officer walks past flowers placed outside the midtown office building where a gunman killed four people on July 29, 2025 in New York City.Stephanie Keith/Getty Images North Americahide caption
August 7, 2025 •The New York City mass shooter had been diagnosed with multiple mental illnesses and had been the subject of two "mental health holds" in Las Vegas, but none of that limited his legal right to own firearms.
Laurent Saint-Cyr (left) attends the ceremony for his appointment as president of the Transitional Council in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, Thursday.Odelyn Joseph/APhide caption
August 7, 2025 •Businessman Laurent Saint-Cyr became the head of Haiti's transitional presidential council tasked with restoring order as gangs underscored the challenges facing the Caribbean nation.
President President Donald Trump (second from left), Florida Governor Ron DeSantis (L), and Secretary of Homeland Security Kristi Noem (R) tour a migrant detention center, dubbed "Alligator Alcatraz," located at the site of the Dade-Collier Training and Transition Airport in Ochopee, Fla. on July 1, 2025.Andrew Caballero-Reynolds/AFP via Getty Imageshide caption
August 7, 2025 •The 14-day stoppage comes as a federal judge considers whether additional construction of the immigration detention facility in south Florida's Everglades is detrimental to the environment.
Thursday's move would compel colleges and universities to report more detail about not just the students they enroll but also about those who apply.LA Johnson/NPRhide caption
August 7, 2025 •Thursday's move would compel colleges to report more data about the students they enroll and those who apply, including applicants' race and standardized test scores.
Michael Keating, center in the second row, stands during the wreath laying at the 9/11 memorial at the Boston Public Garden. His mother, Barbara Ann Keating, was killed during the September 11th attacks in 2001. September 11, 2016.Boston Herald/MediaNews Group via Getty Imageshide caption
August 7, 2025 •Using advanced DNA-analysis techniques researchers in New York City identified three more victims of the 9/11 terror attacks that occurred nearly 24 years ago.
Dana is mom to a son who, when he was 14, experienced a rapid decline in his mental well-being. A few months later, she came to understand that he had become deeply influenced by predatory online networks that encourage vulnerable people, especially minors, to harm themselves and others.Joanna Kuleszahide caption
August 7, 2025 •The FBI is investigating at least 250 people who may be tied to online networks that target children.
Hidayat Al-Motawaq holds her 18-month-old son, Mohammad Al-Motawaq, in their tent in the Gaza Strip on Aug. 3.Anas Baba/NPRhide caption
August 7, 2025 •A photo of an emaciated child in Gaza has gone viral, with many in Israel claiming it depicts false information. Our producer in Gaza meets the child and his family, we hear about how he is doing now and about the food insecurity many in Gaza are facing.
President Trump plans to nominate White House economist Stephen Miran to fill a temporary vacancy on the Federal Reserve's board of governors.Brendan Smialowski/AFPhide caption
August 7, 2025 •President Trump plans to nominate Stephen Miran to fill a vacant seat on the Federal Reserve's board of governors, but only for the next six months.
Floyd and Stephanie Rance, founders of the Martha's Vineyard African American Film Festival, onstage at the opening party.Arturo Holmes/Getty Imageshide caption
August 7, 2025 •At the Martha's Vineyard African American Film Festival, Black artistry is on display. NPR critic Eric Deggans says it's cultivating a community.
The National Endowment for the Humanities building on April 11, 2025 in Washington, D.C.Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Imageshide caption
August 7, 2025 •The ruling deems the government's termination of grants from the National Endowment for the Humanities "unlawful" and allows a lawsuit brought by humanities groups to move forward.
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor

======https://www.aljazeera.com/=====
Ahmed Al-Najjar writes about the day his phone stopped working, and why that means so much more than it seems.
Accra has been picked by a World Bank bond to end the waste crisis. But for informal recyclers, it is a false solution.
An interwoven tale of the many forms of loss in Gaza, and unexpected connections.
India won’t give up on Russia or its strategic autonomy, experts say, even as areas of friction with the US grow.
A siege by the paramilitary Rapid Support Forces has caused a famine in North Darfur’s capital el-Fasher.
Beijing warns Manila to stop ‘playing with fire’ after Marcos signals potential Taiwan conflict involvement.









Your browser does not support the audio element.
Follow Al Jazeera English:

======https://www.abc.net.au/news/=====
Personalise the news and
stay in the know
Emergency
Backstory
Newsletters
中文新闻
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
By Joseph Dunstan
Topic:Courts
A police interview given by Erin Patterson after she murdered her relatives with a meal laced by poisonous death cap mushrooms has been released by Victoria's Supreme Court.
Analysis by Eric Tlozek
Topic:Explainer
Topic:Courts
Topic:Fires
LIVE
Topic:AFL
Topic:Australian Rules Football
FT: Geelong 15.19 (109) def Essendon 10.5 (65)
3QT: Geelong 11.13 (79) leads Essendon 7.5 (49)
HT: Geelong 7.10 (52) leads Essendon 2.3 (15)
Topic:NRL
Topic:Courts
Topic:Internet
Topic:Shark Attacks
By Mark Gibson
Topic:Feel Good
After losing his home, car and job, Perth father Brendon has faced homelessness for over a year — but a stranger’s gift of a car is helping him rebuild.
Topic:World Politics
Topic:Travel and Tourism
Topic:Television
Topic:State and Territory Government
ABC Arts
Topic:Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Art
Gaypalani Waṉambi, daughter of the late Mr Waṉambi, has won the top prize at the National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Art Awards, for work about an ancient honey hunter.
Cheerleading skills translate to judging sheep for versatile teen
History-making 12yo surfer set to battle Australia's number one in Tahiti
+16more
John's family wrote him letters, not knowing if he was dead or alive
Exorcisms, cults and demons: Where religion and horror films meet
+16more
Freakier Friday isn't a 'great' film — but no-one expected it to be
Here's how you can help your kids ahead of the YouTube ban
+16more
Nine-year-old escapes shark attack with scratch and a broken board
Mother guilty of stabbing daughter's boyfriend she thought was home invader
+16more
Get the news most relevant to you with an ABC Account
Photography
Animals
Endangered and Protected Species
Unrest, Conflict and War
Unrest, Conflict and War
Unrest, Conflict and War
Unrest, Conflict and War
World Politics
Unrest, Conflict and War
By Peter de Kruijff
Topic:Explainer
We teamed up with photographers to find out how use a smartphone to take wildlife images, snap tiny creatures, and catch birds in action.
Topic:Courts
Topic:Cyber Security
Topic:Home
Topic:Courts
Topic:Retail Industry
Topic:Small Businesses
About 20,000 people are expected to rush through the doors of cosmetic giant Mecca's new store on its opening day. But is the hype enough to revive Melbourne's hushed CBD after the pandemic?
Topic:Accidents and Emergency Incidents
Topic:Courts
Topic:Crime
Topic:State and Territory Parliament
Topic:Courts
Analysis by David Taylor
By Tyne Logan
Topic:Weather Forecasts
US President Donald Trump's proposed cuts to US weather and climate services will cause the loss of critical data Australia relies on for its weather and climate modelling.
Topic:AFL
Topic:Relationships
Topic:AFL
Topic:Courts
By Cale Matthews
Topic:Activism and Lobbying
When more than 90,000 people marched across the Sydney Harbour Bridge it created headlines across the globe. So how has the addition of more than 30 anti-protest laws across the past two decades affected demonstrating?
Topic:Shark Attacks
Topic:Courts
Analysis by Eric Tlozek
Topic:Crime
Topic:Television
Topic:World Politics
Slide 1 of 3
Kathleen Folbigg has been granted $2m in compensation after being wrongly accused of killing her four children.
Ms Folbigg's convictions were quashed last year after spending 20 years in prison.
Her lawyer says the payment does not reflect the extent of the pain and suffering Kathleen has endured.
Slide 1 of 3
A WA prospector has been left in awe after digging up a nugget worth $40k.
Kevin Richardson was filming a tutorial about prospecting when he made the find.
He says the nugget will pay off his caravan.
Slide 1 of 3
Krissy Barrett becomes the first female commissioner to lead the Australian Federal Police.
Reece Kershaw is retiring early as the nation's top cop, with a year left on his contract.
Ms Barrett has notable experience in counter-terrorism and will become the ninth AFP commissioner in October.
Slide 1 of 3
Tourism bosses have hired Robert Irwin and Nigella Lawson to front a new multi-million-dollar campaign.
A wave of advertisements across five countries hope to lure international travellers Down Under.
International arrivals are expected to reach a record 10 million in 2026.
Slide 1 of 5
And the Gold Logie goes to ... Home and Away veteran Lynne McGranger. Here's what else you missed from the TV awards.
Comedian Magda Szubanski, who has been diagnosed with cancer, was brought to tears after her Hall of Fame nod.
The ABC had some big wins for Muster Dogs, Fisk, Australian Story and Four Corners.
Host Sam Pang joked about reality show Married at First Sight: "Next season, I think they should cast the mushroom lady … as the caterer."
After Jimmy Barnes sang Working Class Man, Pang said: "Can't think of a song that has less of a connection to the people in the room tonight."
Topic:Indigenous Policy
Topic:Missing Person
Topic:Child Sexual Abuse
Topic:Health
Analysis by Michelle Grattan
Topic:Disability Access
Analysis by Brett Worthington
Topic:Pollution
Topic:World Politics
Topic:Economic Sanctions
Topic:Homelessness
Topic:World Politics
Topic:Stock Market
Topic:Stock Market
Topic:Trade
Topic:Banking
Topic:AFL Women’s
Topic:Soccer
Topic:AFL
Topic:Netball
Topic:Children
Topic:Explainer
Topic:Aged Care
Topic:Mental Health
Topic:Arts, Culture and Entertainment
Topic:Books
Topic:Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Art
Topic:Movies
Topic:Shark Attacks
Topic:Courts
Analysis by Eric Tlozek
Topic:Crime
Topic:Television
Topic:World Politics
We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.
This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.
AEST= Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

======https://medium.com/=====
Our story
Membership
Write
Sign in
AboutHelpTermsPrivacy
Help
Status
About
Careers
Press
Blog
Privacy
Rules
Terms
Text to speech

======https://discover.wordpress.com/=====
Explore popular blogs that inspire, educate, and entertain.
Please wait while we grab all the interesting posts, photos, videos and more to show you in Reader. It shouldn’t take long.

======https://dev.to/=====
A space to discuss and keep up software development and manage your software career
News and discussion of science and technology such as AI, VR, cryptocurrency, quantum computing, and more.
An inclusive community for gaming enthusiasts
Movie and TV enthusiasm, criticism and everything in-between.
Memes and software development shitposting
From composing and gigging to gear, hot music takes, and everything in between.
Discussing AI software development, and showing off what we're building.
Discussing the core forem software project — features, bugs, performance, self-hosting.
A community for makers, hobbyists, and professionals to discuss Arduino, Raspberry Pi, 3D printing, and much more.
Web design, graphic design and everything in-between
We're a place where coders share, stay up-to-date and grow their careers.
DEV CommunityA space to discuss and keep up software development and manage your software career
Built onForem— theopen sourcesoftware that powersDEVand other inclusive communities.
Made with love andRuby on Rails. DEV Community©2016 - 2025.

Happy Coding!
Happening Now 🌟
Redis AI Challenge
300ms latency, superior accuracy, and intelligent endpointing!
💎 DEV Diamond Sponsors
Thank you to our Diamond Sponsors for supporting the DEV Community
Google AI is the official AI Model and Platform Partner of DEV
Neon is the official database partner of DEV
Algolia is the official search partner of DEV
DEV Community— A space to discuss and keep up software development and manage your software career
Built onForem— theopen sourcesoftware that powersDEVand other inclusive communities.
Made with love andRuby on Rails. DEV Community©2016 - 2025.
We're a place where coders share, stay up-to-date and grow their careers.

======https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page=====
The Diamond Smugglersis a non-fiction book byIan Flemingpublished in November 1957. The book is based on two weeks of interviews Fleming undertook with John Collard, a member of the International Diamond Security Organisation (IDSO) and a former member ofMI5; the IDSO was headed bySir Percy Sillitoe(pictured), the ex-head of MI5 who worked for the diamond companyDe Beers. The IDSO was formed by Sillitoe to combat the smuggling of diamonds from Africa; it was estimated that £10 million worth of gems were being smuggled every year out of South Africa alone. The book expands upon a series of articles that Fleming wrote forThe Sunday Timesin 1957.The Diamond Smugglersis one of two non-fiction books written by Fleming. It received mixed reviews, although critics thought the subject was interesting and that the facts were as interesting as works of fiction. There was interest in turning the book into a film, but the plans did not come to fruition. (Full article...)
August 8
Eighteen competition venues across Singaporewere used for the2010 Summer Youth Olympicsfrom 14 to 26 August 2010. To accommodate the 3,600 athletes from 204 differentNational Olympic Committees, eleven existing sites were used, six temporary sites were built, and one new site was built for permanent use after the Olympics. Organised by theSingapore Youth Olympic Games Organising Committeeafter winning the hosting bid in 2008, theSingapore Turf Clubwas the only venue constructed to hostthe equestrian events, while others like theSingapore Indoor StadiumandThe Float @ Marina Bay(pictured)were upgraded for the Olympics. The largest venue was The Float@Marina Bay (the venue of the opening and closing ceremonies), with seating for 25,000, while the smallest venue was forthe archery eventsatKallang Field, with seating for 500. (Full list...)
Cognacis a type ofbrandynamed after the commune ofCognacin western France. Cognac production falls under Frenchappellation d'origine contrôlée(AOC) designation, which stipulates that it must be grown in a specificwine-growing regionin the departments ofCharenteandCharente-Maritime. The AOC also mandates that particular grapes (of whichSt. Émilionis the most common) be used, and that the drink be twicedistilledin copperpot stillsand aged at least two years inoak barrelsfrom designated surrounding areas of France. Close to 200 cognac producers exist, of which the largest producers areCourvoisier,Hennessy,MartellandRémy Martin. This photograph shows cognac in asnifter, a glass with a large tapered bowl and a short stem that allows the drinker to enjoy the aroma by placing their hand underneath the bowl and warming the cognac.
Photograph credit:Didier Descouens
Wikipedia is written by volunteer editors and hosted by theWikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other volunteerprojects:
This Wikipedia is written inEnglish. Manyother Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below.

======https://www.gutenberg.org/=====
Choose among free epub and Kindle eBooks, download them or read them online. You will find the world's great literature here, with focus on older works for which U.S. copyright has expired. Thousands of volunteers digitized and diligently proofread the eBooks, for you to enjoy.
Newest Releasesfind more
Most Popularfind more
Audio books are a great way to enjoy literature. We recommend the following sources. All of them are digitizations of Project Gutenberg texts. They are freely available and in the public domain in the US.

======https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Main_Page=====
Featured books•Wikijunior•Cookbook•Browse books•Help•Forum•Using Wikibooks
WikiversityLearning resources
WikipediaEncyclopedia
WiktionaryDictionary and thesaurus
WikiquoteQuotations
WikisourceDocuments
WikispeciesSpecies directory
WikinewsNews reports
WikivoyageTravel guide
WikidataKnowledge database
CommonsMedia repository
MetaCoordination
MediaWikiMediaWiki software
PhabricatorMediaWiki bug tracker
Wikimedia LabsMediaWiki development
Wikimedia IncubatorNew language versions
WikifunctionsCode repository
TheWikimedia Foundationis a non-profit organization that depends on yourvoluntarismanddonationsto operate. If you find Wikibooks orother projectshosted by the Wikimedia Foundation useful, please volunteer or make a donation. Your donations primarily helps to purchaseserver equipment, launch newprojects, and develop MediaWiki—the software that makes Wikibooks possible.

======https://www.open.edu/openlearn/=====
Personalise your OpenLearn profile, save your favourite content and get recognition for your learning
Everything on the multi-award winning OpenLearn is free to everyone!
With hundreds of courses, articles, videos and interactives, OpenLearn has options for all.
Earn a free digital badge or statement of participation on most courses.
Refresh your study skills and prepare for student life.
Enhance your work skills without committing to full-time study.
Visit some of our most popular hubs, including
Education & Development
A collection of free resources from The Open University - articles, videos, audio and courses tailored to support home educators, home-educated young people, and other stakeholders.
History & The Arts
A place for exploring religion, spirituality and non-religion.
Health, Sports & Psychology
Welcome to the Sport and Fitness Hub. Enjoy exploring our range of free courses, articles and interactives to exercise your body and mind.
Miscellaneous
New to OpenLearn? These standout hubs offer something for everyone - from sustainability to sport, employability to education.
And explore some of our newest content, such as
Education & Development
The first two years of a child’s life are a time of incredible change and development. This free course helps practitioners to understand these changes and explore how they can support babies and toddlers in early childhood settings. 
This course draws on research and expertise from early childhood academics at The Open University and ...
Health, Sports & Psychology
As AI becomes more embedded in sport, its role in coaching is growing. From tracking performance to predicting injury, its potential is vast but can it ever replicate the intuition, empathy and trust that define great coaching? This article explores the promises and pitfalls of AI in the future of sport.
Money & Business
Do innovative employees with new ideas always have to leave and start their own company? Or could they be given the license to transform your business instead?
Health, Sports & Psychology
Psychology around the world looks at some of the ways people think in similar and different ways depending on where they live and their culture. The course starts with some general questions of how similar and different people’s psychology might be in different times and places. This is then followed with some key examples: how people perceive ...
Signing up and creating a profile allows you to enrol on our free courses, track your progress and share your achievements. All for free!
OpenLearn works with other organisations by providing free courses and resources that support our mission of opening up educational opportunities to more people in more places.
Find out more
Support us
©1999-2025. All rights reserved. The Open University is incorporated by Royal Charter (RC 000391), an exempt charity in England & Wales and a charity registered in Scotland (SC 038302). The Open University is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in relation to its secondary activity of credit broking.

