Yesterday I go to the store and I seen a man who I think he be my classmate from when I was in grade four or five, but I am not sure because he look different than he used to be, even though he still look the same in some ways. I am walking toward him and he just looking at me without saying nothing, so I wave and he wave back, but he wave like he not sure he know me neither. We both just stand there for a minute and then suddenly a dog run between us and barking very loud. I almost drop my bag of chips which I buy already, but I catch it before it fall. One of the bags get crushed so the chips was broken, which make me sad a little, but I don’t say nothing. Then the man say, “Hey, you is that girl who sit in the back of the class and draw on the table, right?” and I say, “Maybe that’s me,” even though I don’t remember drawing on no table, but maybe I did sometimes, or maybe he remembering it wrong. We both laughing but then an old lady from across the street start to yell to us because the dog that run between us belong to her. She think we trying to steal it, which don’t make sense because the dog run by itself. She keep yelling, “Give me my dog back!” and I am saying, “Ma’am, it not with me, it go that way,” but she not hear me or she ignore it. She walk fast toward me with her cane swinging, and I am starting to get nervous. The man I talking to suddenly say he got to go and then he just run away down the street even though no one chasing him. I stand there alone and the old lady getting closer and she shout, “You better don’t run!” which make me want to run more, but I not do it because maybe she get more angry. She come right up to me and say, “Where my dog is?” and I point behind me where it run, but she not see it. She say, “You lie to me, young lady.” I say, “No, I swear it go that way,” but she still not believe me. Then suddenly the dog come back from other direction with a shoe in its mouth. The shoe belong to a man I see jogging earlier, because I remember seeing him hopping on one foot down the street. The dog drop the shoe in front of the old lady and she just pick it up like nothing strange happen, then she walk away without say sorry or thank you. I just stand there thinking what just happen, and then I remember I was suppose to go home because I leave the stove on with noodles cooking. I rush back and when I get there the water is gone and the noodles stick to the pot and burn. Smoke is everywhere so I open the window. I try to scrape the noodles out, but they be stuck so hard I throw the pot away. I feel very upset because it was my favorite pot that I had it since I move to the city. After that I decide maybe I not cook again for a while, but then I realize I hungry so I make a sandwich instead. But while I making the sandwich, my phone ring and it was my cousin who say she see me earlier at the store but she not call me because she think I am busy talking to a man. I tell her about the old lady and the dog, and she laugh so hard she almost drop her phone. She say things like this always happen to me because I have bad luck, but I tell her it not bad luck, it just things that happen to everybody but people not notice. She say no, it only happen to me, like the time last year when I was going to the bus stop and a bird drop something on my head, and then I miss the bus because I go clean my hair, and then I end up meeting a man selling umbrellas in the street who try to convince me to buy one even though it was sunny and no rain. I tell her that was not bad luck either, it was just coincidence, but she not believe me. We talk for a while until my sandwich finish, but while we talking I accidentally put salt instead of sugar in my tea, and when I drink it, it taste so bad I almost spit it out. Then I tell her I got to go eat, but she keep talking about her new neighbor who she think is a thief because he always carrying boxes late at night. I tell her maybe he just work night shift, but she say no, she see him looking suspicious. I say she always think everyone suspicious, like how she think our postman is stealing letters because she once not get a bill on time. We end the call and I finally eat my sandwich, but while I eating, I hear loud noise outside like someone shouting. I look out and see the same old lady with the dog, and now she is shouting at a different man who trying to tie his shoelace, and I think maybe I should go help, but then I remember how she yell at me, so I just watch from the window.